these two miss I'm gonna need to see some IDS
IDS we don't carry IDS
everyone knows who we are
not everyone how did you get this black card
Nathan Forbes gave it to us
what else do you think please
next you're gonna say Nathan Forbes is in love with you
he is our biggest VIP and he has never
ever given this out you two are a bunch of thieves
guard it take them away until the police get here
wait what
my name is Blair Rose just let me make a call
her parents own their mom
you guys are gonna regret this
if she is Blair Rose
then I'm Nathan Forbes's girlfriend
I actually prefer being called Mr Forbes
especially given that you're a stranger
not my girlfriend